I have some regrets, but not many. To be honest, I'm very, very happy
and satisfied with my life with multiple aspects of my life. And so
every step of this journey has brought me here. And while some of them
weren't pleasant, they were necessary because I wouldn't have gotten
here unless I had taken this journey. And so in that sense, I don't
really have that many regrets. Um, when I look at my life in terms
of my career, but also just in terms of my life in general, I have
very few what I call do over moments, like if I could do this over
again, I would do it differently because even the times of my life
that have been hard, that have been full of, like, fear or sadness or
anger, all of those were instructive and help me figure out my path,
and the path has brought me to where I am. And so I'm can't argue
with that. I'm very happy with where I am